kubectl topic (#333)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/getting-started/access-manage-cluster-kubectl.md

## Create a kubeconfig file

{{< callout type="important" >}} Only users with admin permissions can create
kubeconfig files for specific users.{{< /callout >}}

Verify the installation of [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) and
[kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl).

Use your terminal to run the following procedure from the MKE 4 cluster that you
previously configured with the `mkectl apply` command.

1. Configure the username:

   ```
   USERNAME=<specific-username>
   ```

2. Configure the number of days until expiry:

   ```
   EXPIRES_IN_DAYS=<integer>
   ```

   Be sure to indicate the minimum required number of days at the very least,
   for example `7`, as you cannot later revoke the certificates used by the new
   kubeconfig file.

3. Set the `EXPIRES_IN_SECONDS=` and `KUBECONFIG=` variables. Mirantis
   recommends that you use the settings shown in the following example code block:

   ```
   EXPIRES_IN_SECONDS=$((EXPIRES_IN_DAYS * 24 * 60 * 60))
   KUBECONFIG=~/.mke/mke.kubeconf
   ```

> 5. Run the following script to generate a kubeconfig file named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the following script to generate a kubeconfig file named
```

---

> title: Access and Manage the cluster with kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Access and manage the cluster with kubectl
```

| Revoke previously created bundles                                                                                                        | <center>❌</center>                         | <center>✅</center>                       |
| Set expiration time of certificates                                                                                                      | <center>✅</center>                         | <center>❌</center>                       |
| Can be generated from MKE UI                                                                                                             | <center>❌</center>                         | <center>✅</center>                       |
| Non-admin certs are issued by a <br>separate CA that is trusted by <br>kube API server, but not trusted <br>by other components like kubelet | <center>❌</center>                         | <center>✅</center>                       |

## Create a kubeconfig file

{{< callout type="important" >}} Only users with admin permissions can create
kubeconfig files for specific users.{{< /callout >}}

> Verify the installation of [openssl](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the installation of [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) and
```

[kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl).

Use your terminal to run the following procedure from the MKE 4 cluster that you
previously configured with the `mkectl apply` command.

1. Configure the username:

   ```
   USERNAME=<specific-username>
   ```

2. Configure the number of days until expiry:

   ```
   EXPIRES_IN_DAYS=<integer>
   ```

   Be sure to indicate the minimum required number of days at the very least,
   for example `7`, as you cannot later revoke the certificates used by the new
   kubeconfig file.

3. Set the `EXPIRES_IN_SECONDS=` and `KUBECONFIG=` variables. Mirantis

>    recommends that you use the variables settings shown in the example
>    codeblock that follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   recommends that you use the variables settings from the following example:
```

Author: Going with "Mirantis recommends that you use the settings shown in the following example code block:

   ```
   EXPIRES_IN_SECONDS=$((EXPIRES_IN_DAYS * 24 * 60 * 60))
   KUBECONFIG=~/.mke/mke.kubeconf
   ```

> 4. Run the following script to generate a kubeconfig file named
>    `<username>.kubeconfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the script to generate a kubeconfig file named
   `<username>.kubeconfig`:
```

Author: Keeping the 'following' and transforming the period to a colon.
